what's going on guys we are back in NHL
14 online versus play going to do our
second online versus play this time
around so we got a rage quit victory
last time with the Winnipeg Jets got a
nice little snipe there at the end of
the game with four points something
seconds left obviously the guy's not
going to finish the game but whatever
alright so we're going to go to
Washington next yes I'm gonna choose
Washington okay this guy is going to be
a jackass and I picked the all-stars so
that's fine with him I'll take ov Hopi
is in net fine by that hopefully they
fix the connection to for the see a
season ticket with thumb what's his face
uh with my connection because I really
just cannot connect to certain people
some of the time when I'm trying to play
online versus place i connect to connect
can connect to people and shootouts all
the time very easily but it's just with
them online versus plays and Hut that it
really just kind of screws up the
matchup system a little bit but so so
far it's been good hopefully it'll carry
over to this once again but we're going
to be using the Washington Capitals
Alexander Ovechkin and yep work fine for
me maybe they updated that as well who
knows a my servers are actually pretty
decent this time around who knows
alright so here we go washington
capitals
all right and my camera is all screwed
up probably going to have to fix that in
a minute okay tripping call that's
exactly what I wanted to erat over to
Backstrom go use this shitty camera okay
I'm actually going to pause this game
actually when it stops pause switch my
camera so I don't know why does this
half of the time but whatever i'll be
that jackass see it's this overhead it's
set on overhead which i'll understand
why it's not overhead weird
Oh up Garbowsky forgot that he's on this
team now Oh Eric Fehr almost right in
the middle there you go all right yeah
see I like Washington a little bit
better than Winnipeg because they feel
just a lot more quicker and fluid ooh
nice cut there by Farah just went off
sides barely a little bit up getting
some lag chopped like my students a
super PVR's problem that's what it is
when in doubt blame the PVR uh-oh be oh
geez that bouncing puck though I erat
wrap them up okay he's gonna play that
over the Edler good hit there by
Ovechkin who knew he could do that okay
ear at work it around I like Washington
a lot better than Winnipeg man Backstrom
back around you write again out to the
Carlson couldn't be there okay that's
fine switch it up Marcus Johansson
Johansson Joanne's it's actually pretty
quick round the horn and I was blocked
off by edler gets it back though
couldn't do it out in front all right
meal I michalek all right over to grab
box key Grabovski faster than Kris
Letang Eric Fehr missed the shot Green
blocked in front car Bosque Johanssen
Jesus I'm just getting like these little
like blow dribblers on that Oh God
Alfredsson didn't get hit by a tall is
Wow all right spin move nice hip check
there
work it around working around working
around l to Helen chime era up Depp did
I don't even know who had the puck Joe
wart come on grab there you go I should
do the toe drag chime era off the pad
and in there you go Jason chamara there
we go there's one nothing lead yeah
don't use Winnipeg on the online versus
place they're very slow Washington feel
so much quicker oh just gave it right
tone thank you we're at go ov go go go
go go ah Girardi came right off the best
her skin over to Backstrom and draw
you'll pick that puck up again Giroux
screw you obviously gets hit picks it
right back up you're at I'll get you out
Ovechkin and that goal still works
that's nice there OV just the shot
glitch and weak wake him quit already
nicely done see I like these short
videos I don't know why people are going
to quit like that that's a short video
enough for me six minutes is fine by me
a lot of actually bad pauses and crap
like that but whatever it's a win people
can't deal with it they kind of have to
learn in this game that you just don't
mess with me I guess whatever so that's
it for the Washington Capitals I guess
make the guy quit to nothing in the
first period easily could have came back
but it's whatever so that'll do it um
was that guy anyway what was his name
let's see you guys can go send them some
hate mail yes Mike 66 66 70 so there you
go if you want to go uh send rage
quitters stuff to him I guess whatever
go right ahead state send him some
messages but that will do it for me if
you liked the video leave a like comment
and subscribe as always guys thanks for
watching and next up
I think we have abcdefg hijk elma p qrs
tuv TTT toronto probably try to make
police i think all right so toronto i
think is next
you